

Goals for the Music Centre website (as stated by the client):

Membership 
- recruit new members
- increase engagement of members in our activities, e.g. volunteering for administration, organising and promoting concerts and workshops

Concerts 
- increase ticket sales, especially to the general public. 
- encourage performers to let us organise a concert for them
- encourage performers to cooperate with promotion, photo shoots, media releases, etc.

Target audience:
- we "specialise in diversity" i.e. we provide performance opportunities for a very wide range of styles and genres which would otherwise have little exposure, therefore our target audience includes a wide range of ages and tastes. The typical audience may include people with specialised tastes, e.g. classical, jazz, ethnic music, etc. If children are involved, then parents and family members predominate. Every concert, therefore, needs a distinctive theme.


Content from existing site:

--- Home ---

With the support of the Townsville City Council, we work from an office in the Civic Theatre building.
(Take the lift near the ticket office to Level 2) 

"Normal" office hours - 
9.30 -2.30 Monday - Wednesday
Any other time just call 0402 255 182 

Contact Details:- 
Phone   07 4724 2086 
Mobile    0402 255 182 
e-mail us with your query
Postal Address  PO Box 1006, Townsville, Qld 4810
Address  Townsville Civic Theatre, 41 Boundary Street, Townsville, Qld 4810 

Are you new to Townsville?
General information about Townsville is available at -
http://www.townsville.qld.gov.au/townsville/infocentre/Pages/default.aspx

Townsville has a population of about 200,000 and is growing at about 1 suburb per year, so there is a lot of musical activity. All private schools and most government schools have music teachers. The larger private schools are Townsville Grammar, the Cathedral School and Ryan Catholic College. The larger public high schools are Kirwan and Pimlico.

Music Teachers Association of Qld is a good source of information for local music teachers.
The Townsville Branch contact is the Secretary (Ms Margery Jorgensen)
Phone (07) 47790382
Email: mjo11750@bigpond.net.au
Another active teachers’ organisation is the Kodaly Music Education Institute of Australia -
www.kodaly.org.au/
Information on their Townsville Chapter can be found at -
http://webapps.townsville.qld.gov.au/CommunityDirectory/Organisation/OrganisationDetails/1185

Some local businesses also employ or assist music teachers. Try these - 
heather@thekeyboardshop.com.au 
and www.artiesmusiconline.com.au/

Busking is permitted at several public spaces around the city with a Buskers Permit from the city council - phone 4727 9680.
There is no age limit, but buskers 16 and under will need to be accompanied by a parent/guardian.



--- Members ---

You can support the Music Centre by becoming a Member and derive some benefits for yourself at the same time. Your subscription helps to keep us operating and we provide substantial discounts whenever possible. 

For the Music Centre's own events, Members' ticket discounts can be as high as 50%!

The Music Centre is also registered as a Deductible Gift Recipient. Any extra donations are tax-deductible!
To become a Member, or to update an existing Membership -
Download the Application FormComplete and return the form with cheque to -

Townsville Community Music Centre
PO Box 1006, Townsville, Qld 4810

or email -
admin@townsvillemusic.org.au
or see below to pay online with PayPal or credit card
Individual membership	$25	per year	
Tax-deductible donation	-	-	



--- Sponsors ---

Townsville City Council 
The Council's Partnerships and Sponsorships scheme provides vital core funding which enables us to maintain the administrative base for all our other activities, and also provides the premises which house our office space. 
The Council also assists with the performance venues for our concerts and workshops. 

Queensland Government 
The Gambling Community Benefit Fund has assisted us to obtain office equipment and sound and lighting equipment for our productions 



--- Bulletins ---

Posted 24-Mar-15
Chord Organ 
Volunteer Singers / Musicians 

Our Parish Priest, Fr Mick Peters, is trying to development and foster a community for our 6 PM Vigil Mass at St Josephs on the Strand. 
I'm helping by organising an event format, where I invite our members to bring a plate for a buffet and I provide music, or friends who can sing or perform. 
Now that we are achieving some success, we need more people who can sing or play music. 
I'm open to any kind of singing or performing so long as it is not too controversial. My preference would be for an artist to sing a medley of old time favorites. 
Mass starts at 6pm and finishes about 10 to 7. 

If you would like to take part, please call Merle Trembath 0418882633 anytime 

Posted 21-March-15
TCB logo CALL OUT FOR MUSOS 
Calling all Muso’s, entertainers, performers. We are looking to book performers/musicians/entertainers for a family friendly festival at the Ingham Tyto Wetlands on the 23rd of May. This inaugural annual event is a family fun day in the parklands and we are looking for appropriate acts. We are looking for a wide variety of bands and entertainers from our local and surrounding areas. 

Deadline for initial submissions 29 March 2015. 
Artists will need to be insured for public liability. 
If you are interested please email details, examples or links to your work and a quote including travel expenses for performing at the event to the Event Stage Manager Emile Griffiths -
mutec.audio@gmail.com
see our Facebook page
Posted 17-Mar-15
Chord Organ Rouvas Academy of Singing 

I have been in the music industry in Sydney for over 30 years in the capacity of singing teacher, stage performer, singer and musician. My daughter Diana Rouvas was a finalist in the 2012 “The Voice” television show and she is a testament to what can be achieved with correct vocal training. Allow me to show you her technique and give yourself the opportunity to excel as a vocalist. Skype lessons also available 
Visit rouvasacademyofsinging.com.au
or phone John 0404 044 823
Posted 09-Mar-15
Chord Organ Music teaching by Effortless Technique 
Are you struggling to master sections of your pieces at tempo? Are you stressing that you won’t be prepared because you don’t have enough time to practice? Would you like to learn efficient and effective practice skills and strategies to help you play those difficult sections with confidence and ease and to the best of your ability? 
Visit us on Facebook
Email Cassandra Fixter
or phone 0423 626 501
Posted 17 March 15

Would you like to see Metropolitan Opera productions screened in Townsville?
Met Opera 2015
The Metropolitan Opera’s award-winning series of operas in HD continues featuring ten operas captured live in high definition direct from New York, and screening concurrently with the NY season. 
Follow this link for more information: http://www.sharmillfilms.com.au/?page_id=2195#cinemas 

Event Cinemas are considering bringing the Met Opera HD series to Townsville. If you would like to encourage them to go ahead, please email Alexis at support@eventcinemas.helpserve.com with a simple message such as, ‘Please bring Met Opera to Townsville’. You may of course add additional comments if you wish. 

Should you decide to contact Alexis, the Music Centre would appreciate receiving a copy of your email, as it will help us assess the level of support from the Townsville arts community. Please copy your email to admin@townsvillemusic.org.au 

We invite you to forward this message to others who may be interested.
Posted 16-March-15
Office Administrator required!
The Townsville Community Music Centre is getting busier all the time, and we need a part-time Office Administrator. 
This is a long-term, part time, part-paid position (all conditions are negotiable). 
Experience with not-for profit organisations would be an advantage. 
We use MYOB and Microsoft Office, mostly Word and Excel. 
For more information -
-- email us --
or phone Jeff 4724 2086
Posted 15-March-2015
Dear fellow musos 
I sing and play keyboard (when I have one). 
Blues/jazz songs mostly.
-- Please email Ada Knowles --
